Add leaderboard component to ClimaLand's long runs (#890)
CliMA/ClimaLand.jl: docs/src/leaderboard/leaderboard.md

                short_name = "et",
            )
            # Shift to the first day and subtract one month as preprocessing
            sim_var =
                ClimaAnalysis.shift_to_start_of_previous_month(sim_var)
            return sim_var
        end
```

Then, add a key-value pair to the dictionary `obs_var_dict` whose key is the same short name
as before and the value is a function that takes in a start date and returns a `OutputVar`.
Any preprocessing is done in the function.

```julia
obs_var_dict["et"] =
    (start_date) -> begin
    # We use ClimaArtifacts to use a dataset from ILAMB
        obs_var = ClimaAnalysis.OutputVar(
            ClimaLand.Artifacts.ilamb_dataset_path(;
                context = "evspsbl_MODIS_et_0.5x0.5.nc",
            ),
            "et",
            # start_date is used to align the dates in the observational data
            # with the simulation data
            new_start_date = start_date,
            # Shift dates to the first day of the month before aligning the dates
            shift_by = Dates.firstdayofmonth,
        )
        # More preprocessing to match the units with the simulation data

>         ClimaAnalysis.units(obs_var) == "kg/m2/s" &&

Reviewer: Maybe we could link to ClimaAnalysis documentation explaining the formatting for units? If I understand correctly, this will carry out unit conversion, but that means the string must be in the format expected by ClimaAnalysis

Author: For that part of the code, it is just checking that the string of the units is "kg/m2/s" and if it is, then set the units to "kg m^-2 s^-1". The check is just there to make sure the units are set correctly.

There is no convention for the formatting of units unless one want to use automatic unit conversion. We only do this because ClimaAnalysis can't tell that "kg/m2/s" (in the observational data) is the same as "kg m^-2 s^-1" (in the simulation data).

# Leaderboard

## Long run

### Add a new variable to compare against observations

> Computing errors against observations are all contained in the `leaderboard` folder. The
> files in the leaderboard folder are `data_sources.jl` and `leaderboard.jl`. Loading and
> preprocessing variables of interest are done in `data_sources.jl` and computing the errors
> and plotting are done in `leaderboard.jl`. To add a new variable, you ideally only need to
> modify `data_sources.jl`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The infrastructure to compute errors against observations is in the `leaderboard` folder. This
folder contains two files: `data_sources.jl`, responsible for loading and preprocessing
variables of interest, and `leaderboard.jl`, which computes error and draw plots. To add a new
variable to the comparison, you modify the `data_sources.jl`.
```

### Computation
As of now, the leaderboard produces bias plots with the global bias and global root mean
squared error (RMSE). These quantities are computed for each month with the first year of
the simulation not considered as that is the spinup time. The start date of the simulation

> is 2012 which means that only the year 2013 is used to compare against observational data.

Reviewer: I dont know that this is up to date?

Reviewer: I believe we are simulating on year (2008)

Any preprocessing is done in the function.

```julia
obs_var_dict["et"] =
    (start_date) -> begin
    # We use ClimaArtifacts to use a dataset from ILAMB
        obs_var = ClimaAnalysis.OutputVar(
            ClimaLand.Artifacts.ilamb_dataset_path(;
                context = "evspsbl_MODIS_et_0.5x0.5.nc",
            ),
            "et",
            # start_date is used to align the dates in the observational data
            # with the simulation data
            new_start_date = start_date,
            # Shift dates to the first day of the month before aligning the dates
            shift_by = Dates.firstdayofmonth,
        )
        # More preprocessing to match the units with the simulation data
        ClimaAnalysis.units(obs_var) == "kg/m2/s" &&
            (obs_var = ClimaAnalysis.set_units(obs_var, "kg m^-2 s^-1"))
        # ClimaAnalysis cannot handle `missing` values, but does support handling NaNs
        obs_var = ClimaAnalysis.replace(obs_var, missing => NaN)
        return obs_var
    end
```

!!! tip "Preprocessing"
    Observational and simulational data should be preprocessed for dates and units. For

>     simulation data, monthly averages correspond to the first day following the month.

Reviewer: "When using ClimaDiagnostics to report monthly averages from a simulation, monthly averages are output on the first day following the month when the average was computed."

    For instance, the monthly average corresponding to January 2010 is on the date

>     2/1/2010. Preprocessing is done to shift this date to 1/1/2010. When preprocessing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1 Feb 2010. Preprocessing is done to shift this date to 1 Jan 2010. When preprocessing
```
